README.md, before:

# SovCube.com Website, Timelocking dApp & Smart-contracts

Timelock BSOV Tokens and receive giveaway rewards.

### Known issues:

- Rename giveaway-variables to timelockreward
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of app.js needed.
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of contract2-calls.js needed.
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of contract1-calls.js needed.
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of styles.css needed.
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of GiveawayReserve Contract needed.
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of TimelockContract needed.
- UI COSMETIC - Implement responsive design fitting for phones and tablets.
- CONTRACT TESTING - Test timelocking from several different wallets to see if gas usage changes.


### Order of actions when deploying the contracts for testing:
- Use "Remix - Ethereum IDE"
- Deploy BSOV Token contract (if testing on testnet).
- In TimelockContract.sol: Set BSOV Token Contract Address.
- Deploy TimelockContract.sol.
- Deploy GiveawayReserveContract.sol (to deploy: enter address of BSOV Token and Timelock Contract in their respective fields).
- Call the "setGiveawayReserveAddress" method in the TimelockContract.sol - Enter the GiveawayReserve address.
- Transfer enough BSOV Tokens to the GiveawayReserve address. (In this case, enter 30650000000000, exacting 306,500 BSOV Tokens in the "tokens" field.)
- Call the "ownerTimelockTokens" method in the GiveawayReserve contract, enter 30343500000000, exacting 303,435 BSOV in the "tokens" field, and put "0x" in the data field.

- Now the contracts are ready for usage and testing.

### To test the dApp web interface
- First deploy the contracts as instructed above
- Clone this Git repository to your hard drive
- Install apache2 and php and setup apache to direct to localhost, and the folder of sovcube.com/site
- Edit /dapp/app.js and edit the addresses of:

contract1Address = '0xb045F5aa2A057ab5CA8bcbd70D23f06E3409Ba77'; // Doesn't need replacing
contract2Address = '0xD93355C3e7E1cB4B8e6bafe39c45a4B204DD2843'; // Insert address of TimelockContract
tokenContractAddress = '0x09136144d9E442314051735DCa3Ead1a705f1546'; // Insert address of BSOV token contract
giveawayReserveContractAddress = '0x8a6c076C67685230fb5e63EBF00943DCD32d09BC'; // Insert address of Giveaway Reserve contract.

(Optional: To test the stats page: First setup the sovcube-apps repository (https://github.com/realrouse/sovcube-apps) and follow the instructions there)
- Copy /site/config.php-sample and rename it to config.php, and fill in MySQL data.
- Edit /site/functions.php and add the Timelock Reward Reserve Contract here: `$timelockRewardReserveContractAddress = "0xFC88e4103A5e3647cF3661e2ef41C985b73585DB";
`
- Done! Now you are able to test the website, the dApp, and the contracts.

### Backend (sovcube-apps repository)
- Run ´sudo apt-get install php-mysqli´

Commit message:

changed giveaway-variables to timelock reward in contracts and app methods

README.md, after:

# SovCube.com Website, Timelocking dApp & Smart-contracts

Timelock BSOV Tokens and receive giveaway rewards.

### Known issues and to-do:

- Rename giveaway-variables to timelockreward [done in visible texts, contracts and methods, the other variables remain]
- Add more info to My Account page.
- Add more info to Stats page.
- Write finishing touches to Docs & Help page.

- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of app.js
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of contract2-calls.js
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of contract1-calls.js
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of styles.css
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of account.js.
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of functions.php
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of /stats/index.php
- CODE COSMETIC - Code Cleanup of /dapp/index.php

- UI COSMETIC - Implement responsive design fitting for phones and tablets.
- CONTRACT TESTING - Test timelocking from several different wallets to see if gas usage changes.

- Fix withdraw function on dApp page

### Order of actions when deploying the contracts for testing:
- Use "Remix - Ethereum IDE"
- Deploy BSOV Token contract (if testing on testnet).
- In TimelockContract.sol: Set BSOV Token Contract Address.
- Deploy TimelockContract.sol.
- Deploy GiveawayReserveContract.sol (to deploy: enter address of BSOV Token and Timelock Contract in their respective fields).
- Call the "setGiveawayReserveAddress" method in the TimelockContract.sol - Enter the GiveawayReserve address.
- Transfer enough BSOV Tokens to the GiveawayReserve address. (In this case, enter 30650000000000, exacting 306,500 BSOV Tokens in the "tokens" field.)
- Call the "ownerTimelockTokens" method in the GiveawayReserve contract, enter 30343500000000, exacting 303,435 BSOV in the "tokens" field, and put "0x" in the data field.

- Now the contracts are ready for usage and testing.

### To test the dApp web interface
- First deploy the contracts as instructed above
- Clone this Git repository to your hard drive
- Install apache2 and php and setup apache to direct to localhost, and the folder of sovcube.com/site
- Edit /dapp/app.js and edit the addresses of:

contract1Address = '0xb045F5aa2A057ab5CA8bcbd70D23f06E3409Ba77'; // Doesn't need replacing
contract2Address = '0xD93355C3e7E1cB4B8e6bafe39c45a4B204DD2843'; // Insert address of TimelockContract
tokenContractAddress = '0x09136144d9E442314051735DCa3Ead1a705f1546'; // Insert address of BSOV token contract
giveawayReserveContractAddress = '0x8a6c076C67685230fb5e63EBF00943DCD32d09BC'; // Insert address of Giveaway Reserve contract.

(Optional: To test the stats page: First setup the sovcube-apps repository (https://github.com/realrouse/sovcube-apps) and follow the instructions there)
- Copy /site/config.php-sample and rename it to config.php, and fill in MySQL data.
- Edit /site/functions.php and add the Timelock Reward Reserve Contract here: `$timelockRewardReserveContractAddress = "0xFC88e4103A5e3647cF3661e2ef41C985b73585DB";
`
- Done! Now you are able to test the website, the dApp, and the contracts.

### Backend (sovcube-apps repository)
- Run ´sudo apt-get install php-mysqli´
